add LDAP and Slack Support (#12)
mvitale1989/docker-taiga: README.md

setup where it specifies a `taiga-conf/local.py`. You can then configure this
and other [settings available in Taiga](https://github.com/taigaio/taiga-back/blob/master/settings/local.py.example).

## Configuring LDAP
If you want to use LDAP authenticate, you'll need to specify all of
these additional arguments to your `docker run` command.

- `-e LDAP_AUTH_ENABLE=True`

> - `-e LDAP_BIND_DN=<bind account dn>`

Reviewer: Would add `LDAP_BIND_PASSWORD` here as well, to make it easier to remember for users.
```suggestion
- `-e LDAP_BIND_DN=<bind account dn>`
- `-e LDAP_BIND_PASSWORD=<bind password>`
```

Author: ok that improved the document

- `-e LDAP_SEARCH_BASE=<base>` 
- `-e LDAP_SERVER=ldap://<ldap_server_host_name>`

> Other LDAP option can take a look at plugin docs <https://github.com/ensky/taiga-contrib-ldap-auth>

Reviewer: This link references a different ldap plugin than the one that's being used
```suggestion
Other LDAP option can take a look at plugin docs <https://github.com/Monogramm/taiga-contrib-ldap-auth-ext>
```

Author: oh,you are right ,I pasted the wrong link
